Creating the bones of my website was simple. I am struggling with what kind of content I should fill my website with as I feel everything I want to add is too complicated. 
In class today I did Professor Taylor's challenge and here's what I found. I focused on styling the part of my website that has a list in it. I just feel as though it should be seperated from the main content. If you aren't looking for my website then go to these links instead right? 
The Flexbox changed the way my website looked by organizing it in a more readable way. 
I feel really confident with text-aligning and adding border with my flex-border. 
A CSS rule that I found really confusing at first was the hover and figuring out how to change the color of the links in my website.
Added major changes to site. I revamped my Nav bar, which I have yet to apply to all pages. I implemented some animations to my homepage links. I added media queries to my home and about pages. I used flex and responsive deign for all my pages so far. I need to add some more content, I am tackling my exercises page next. My scalable image is on my about page. Still having difficulty with making 2 columns into 1. I think I may learn how to color theme next, just to see other options.
I have revamped my entire site from lime green, beige and light blue to all light blue and a vanilla white. I am very happy with the progress there. As, well as my exercise pages I have successfully added my six cards that allow people to view the exercises needed to learn drawing, VERY BASIC! 
I love my responsive portfolio grid as it works well on moblie and on a big monitor. I struggled with the about page with content as I don't want everyone to know me in depth. Fake Insta and Substack. I added icons on that page! I also added the pencil on the main page. I am on the fence with adding it to other pages. I fixed my nav, I removed repetitive links. I fixed the links as well, so every page is linked to one another. I added some cool effects to it, it now glows when hovered over.
MAJOR UPDATE! Added the idea generator to the exercise page! I am unsure how to center it but I am happy nonetheless.